Remove trailing spaces (#6547)
zeit/next.js: examples/custom-server-actionhero/README.md

# Running Next.JS and React /inside/ of ActionHero

> 

Reviewer: Two spaces in markdown actually means a line break. Please replace this with a `<br>`.

> This server will render dynamic next.js/react pages on some routes, and normal ActionHero API requests on others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This server will render dynamic next.js/react pages on some routes, and normal ActionHero API requests on others.<br>
```

3. Tell ActionHero to use the api rather than the file server as the top-level route in `api.config.servers.web.rootEndpointType = 'api'`.  This will allows "/" to listen to API requests.  Also update `api.config.general.paths.public = [ path.join(__dirname, '/../static') ]`.  In this configuration, the next 'static' renderer will take priority over the ActionHero 'public file' api.  Note that any static assets (CSS, fonts, etc) will need to be in "./static" rather than "./public".

> Note that this is where the websocket server, if you enable it, will place the `ActionheroWebsocketClient` libraray.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this is where the websocket server, if you enable it, will place the `ActionheroWebsocketClient` library.<br>
```
